couple of changes to the document (#23181)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/reference/annotations.md

## Adding annotations

> By holding down Ctrl/Cmd+Click. Add tags to the annotation which will make it searchable from other dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By holding down Ctrl/Cmd+Click. Adding tags to the annotation will make it searchable from other dashboards.
```
